org/kickmyb/server/ConfigJSON.java
 org.kickmyb.server.ConfigJSON
org/kickmyb/server/task/MProgressEventRepository.java
 org.kickmyb.server.task.MProgressEventRepository
org/kickmyb/server/account/ServiceAccountImpl.java
 org.kickmyb.server.account.ServiceAccountImpl
org/kickmyb/server/task/MTask.java
 org.kickmyb.server.task.MTask
org/kickmyb/server/photo/ServicePhoto.java
 org.kickmyb.server.photo.ServicePhoto
org/kickmyb/server/task/ServiceTaskImpl.java
 org.kickmyb.server.task.ServiceTaskImpl
org/kickmyb/server/account/ServiceAccount.java
 org.kickmyb.server.account.ServiceAccount
 org.kickmyb.server.account.ServiceAccount$PasswordTooShort
 org.kickmyb.server.account.ServiceAccount$UsernameAlreadyTaken
 org.kickmyb.server.account.ServiceAccount$UsernameTooShort
org/kickmyb/server/account/BadCredentialsException.java
 org.kickmyb.server.account.BadCredentialsException
org/kickmyb/server/task/MTaskRepository.java
 org.kickmyb.server.task.MTaskRepository
org/kickmyb/server/account/MUser.java
 org.kickmyb.server.account.MUser
org/kickmyb/server/ConfigDatabase.java
 org.kickmyb.server.ConfigDatabase
org/kickmyb/server/ConfigSecurity.java
 org.kickmyb.server.ConfigSecurity
org/kickmyb/server/account/MUserRepository.java
 org.kickmyb.server.account.MUserRepository
org/kickmyb/server/photo/MPhoto.java
 org.kickmyb.server.photo.MPhoto
org/kickmyb/server/photo/MPhotoRepository.java
 org.kickmyb.server.photo.MPhotoRepository
org/kickmyb/server/task/MProgressEvent.java
 org.kickmyb.server.task.MProgressEvent
org/kickmyb/server/task/AttributeEncryptor.java
 org.kickmyb.server.task.AttributeEncryptor
org/kickmyb/server/ServerApplication.java
 org.kickmyb.server.ServerApplication
org/kickmyb/server/ConfigExceptionHandling.java
 org.kickmyb.server.ConfigExceptionHandling
org/kickmyb/server/task/ServiceTask.java
 org.kickmyb.server.task.ServiceTask
 org.kickmyb.server.task.ServiceTask$Empty
 org.kickmyb.server.task.ServiceTask$Existing
 org.kickmyb.server.task.ServiceTask$TooShort
org/kickmyb/server/account/ControllerAccount.java
 org.kickmyb.server.account.ControllerAccount
org/kickmyb/server/photo/ControllerPhoto.java
 org.kickmyb.server.photo.ControllerPhoto
org/kickmyb/server/task/ControllerTask.java
 org.kickmyb.server.task.ControllerTask
org/kickmyb/server/ConfigHTTP.java
 org.kickmyb.server.ConfigHTTP
